README.md, before:

Node-phantom
---------------

This is a bridge between [PhantomJs](http://phantomjs.org/) and [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/).

This is a port of the node-phantom library to use pure WebSockets. It has the following
advantages over node-phantom:

  - Fewer dependencies/layers.
  - No &lt;script> downloads in the client - just uses the WebSocket() API.
  - Doesn't rely on the onAlert hook for callbacks - uses the onCallback mechanism.
  - Doesn't use the unreliable and huge socket.io.

Requirements
------------
You will need to install PhantomJS first. The bridge assumes that the "phantomjs" binary is available in the PATH.

For running the tests you will need [Expresso](http://visionmedia.github.com/expresso/). The tests require PhantomJS 1.6 or newer to pass.

Installing
----------

    npm install node-phantom


Usage
-----
You can use it exactly like you would use Node-Phantom, for example this is an adaptation of a [web scraping example](http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/javascript-ajax/web-scraping-with-node-js/) :

```javascript
var phantom=require('node-phantom');
phantom.create(function(err,ph) {
  return ph.createPage(function(err,page) {
    return page.open("http://tilomitra.com/repository/screenscrape/ajax.html", function(err,status) {
      console.log("opened site? ", status);
      page.includeJs('http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.7.2/jquery.min.js', function(err) {
        //jQuery Loaded.
        //Wait for a bit for AJAX content to load on the page. Here, we are waiting 5 seconds.
        setTimeout(function() {
          return page.evaluate(function() {
            //Get what you want from the page using jQuery. A good way is to populate an object with all the jQuery commands that you need and then return the object.
            var h2Arr = [],
            pArr = [];
            $('h2').each(function() {
              h2Arr.push($(this).html());
            });
            $('p').each(function() {
              pArr.push($(this).html());
            });

            return {
              h2: h2Arr,
              p: pArr
            };
          }, function(err,result) {
            console.log(result);
            ph.exit();
          });
        }, 5000);
      });
	});
  });
});
```

### phantom.create(callback,options)

`options` is an optional object with options for how to start PhantomJS.
`options.parameters` is an array of parameters that will be passed to PhantomJS on the commandline.
For example

```javascript
phantom.create(callback,{parameters:{'ignore-ssl-errors':'yes'}})
```

will start phantom as:

```bash
phantomjs --ignore-ssl-errors=yes
```

You may also pass in a custom path if you need to select a specific instance of PhantomJS or it is not present in PATH environment.
This can for example be used together with the [PhantomJS package](https://npmjs.org/package/phantomjs) like so:

```javascript
phantom.create(callback,{phantomPath:require('phantomjs').path})
```

You can also have a look at the test folder to see some examples of using the API.

Other
-----
Made by Matt Sergeant for Hubdoc Inc.

Commit message:

Add note on cluster support

README.md, after:

Node-phantom
---------------

This is a bridge between [PhantomJs](http://phantomjs.org/) and [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/).

This is a port of the node-phantom library to use pure WebSockets. It has the following
advantages over node-phantom:

  - Fewer dependencies/layers.
  - No &lt;script> downloads in the client - just uses the WebSocket() API.
  - Doesn't rely on the onAlert hook for callbacks - uses the onCallback mechanism.
  - Doesn't use the unreliable and huge socket.io.
  - Works under `cluster` (node-phantom does not due to how `server.listen(0)` works in cluster)

Requirements
------------
You will need to install PhantomJS first. The bridge assumes that the "phantomjs" binary is available in the PATH.

For running the tests you will need [Expresso](http://visionmedia.github.com/expresso/). The tests require PhantomJS 1.6 or newer to pass.

Installing
----------

    npm install node-phantom


Usage
-----
You can use it exactly like you would use Node-Phantom, for example this is an adaptation of a [web scraping example](http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/javascript-ajax/web-scraping-with-node-js/) :

```javascript
var phantom=require('node-phantom');
phantom.create(function(err,ph) {
  return ph.createPage(function(err,page) {
    return page.open("http://tilomitra.com/repository/screenscrape/ajax.html", function(err,status) {
      console.log("opened site? ", status);
      page.includeJs('http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.7.2/jquery.min.js', function(err) {
        //jQuery Loaded.
        //Wait for a bit for AJAX content to load on the page. Here, we are waiting 5 seconds.
        setTimeout(function() {
          return page.evaluate(function() {
            //Get what you want from the page using jQuery. A good way is to populate an object with all the jQuery commands that you need and then return the object.
            var h2Arr = [],
            pArr = [];
            $('h2').each(function() {
              h2Arr.push($(this).html());
            });
            $('p').each(function() {
              pArr.push($(this).html());
            });

            return {
              h2: h2Arr,
              p: pArr
            };
          }, function(err,result) {
            console.log(result);
            ph.exit();
          });
        }, 5000);
      });
	});
  });
});
```

### phantom.create(callback,options)

`options` is an optional object with options for how to start PhantomJS.
`options.parameters` is an array of parameters that will be passed to PhantomJS on the commandline.
For example

```javascript
phantom.create(callback,{parameters:{'ignore-ssl-errors':'yes'}})
```

will start phantom as:

```bash
phantomjs --ignore-ssl-errors=yes
```

You may also pass in a custom path if you need to select a specific instance of PhantomJS or it is not present in PATH environment.
This can for example be used together with the [PhantomJS package](https://npmjs.org/package/phantomjs) like so:

```javascript
phantom.create(callback,{phantomPath:require('phantomjs').path})
```

You can also have a look at the test folder to see some examples of using the API.

Other
-----
Made by Matt Sergeant for Hubdoc Inc.
